README.md, before:

# Nugs Factory!

# Why this?

What if there was a way to create your dream rifle from popular parts on the internet?  This project hopes to acheive that with suggested builds within budget.

# Fixes :bug:

- [x] Disable all lorems in prod.
- [x] Fix all CREATE forms.
- [x] Add and test all findAll methods.
- [x] Finish basic cards.
- [ ] Add image upload xor link support to cards.
- [ ] Add Yup validation to each form -- allow only valid data to turn on the Submit buttons.
- [x] Add Youtube Support to database 
- [x] Create a custom Embed atom for viewing YT videos.
- [x] Put YT embeds in cards for now. (https://morioh.com/p/487a79571ccb)
- [x] [Scaffold forms by Type](https://www.meziantou.net/generate-an-html-form-from-an-object-in-typescript.htm)
- [ ] 
    [Validation with Yup and Typescript](https://medium.com/@maurice.de.beijer/yup-validation-and-typescript-and-formik-6c342578a20e)
    [Yup Validation #2](https://github.com/vijitail/vue-form-validation-yup/blob/master/src/App.vue)
- [ ] [Floating Action Button](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/components/floating-action-buttons/#lateral-screens)
- [ ]
    [Fix altering a prop](https://dev.to/jakzaizzat/avoid-mutating-a-prop-directly-ab9)
    [fixing altering a prop #2](https://michaelnthiessen.com/avoid-mutating-prop-directly/)
- [ ] Add Update Button to Card
- [ ] Add Delete Button to Card
- [ ] [Emulate this awesome menu](https://codesandbox.io/s/xn8xx?file=/src/SmartHome/SmartHome.vue)
- [ ] Store things across function calls: https://lihbr.com/blog/rate-limiting-without-overhead-netlify-or-vercel-functions
- [ ] API playground for vue https://functions.netlify.com/playground/
- [ ] Send sms? https://www.twilio.com/blog/use-serverless-functions-send-sms-react-vercel-twilio
- [ ] Add Order, Part and Build placement (Airtable's embeds)  

# Nice to Have:

* [Toasts](https://vuejsexamples.com/a-vue-toast-plugin-that-lets-you-create-your-own-toast-component/)
* [Share on social media](https://github.com/nicolasbeauvais/vue-social-sharing)
* [Form builder in Vue](https://vueformulate.com/)
* [Automated Web Scraping with Chron and Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/automated-web-scraping-python-cron-e6bedf4c39eb) See your spider.py implementation

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).


# Notes

> Go ahead!  Build your Budget Blaster, Dream DMR or Hunting

Commit message:

updated readme...wip on trying to make promise-based versions of airtable's api offerings...they suck

README.md, after:

# Nugs Factory!

# Why this?

What if there was a way to create your dream rifle from popular parts on the internet?  This project hopes to acheive that with suggested builds within budget.

# Fixes :bug:

- [x] Disable all lorems in prod.
- [x] Fix all CREATE forms.
- [x] Add and test all findAll methods.
- [x] Finish basic cards.
- [ ] Add image upload xor link support to cards.
- [ ] Add Yup validation to each form -- allow only valid data to turn on the Submit buttons.
- [x] Add Youtube Support to database 
- [x] Create a custom Embed atom for viewing YT videos.
- [x] Put YT embeds in cards for now. (https://morioh.com/p/487a79571ccb)
- [x] [Scaffold forms by Type](https://www.meziantou.net/generate-an-html-form-from-an-object-in-typescript.htm)
- [ ] 
    [Validation with Yup and Typescript](https://medium.com/@maurice.de.beijer/yup-validation-and-typescript-and-formik-6c342578a20e)
    [Yup Validation #2](https://github.com/vijitail/vue-form-validation-yup/blob/master/src/App.vue)
- [ ] [Floating Action Button](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/components/floating-action-buttons/#lateral-screens)
- [ ]
    [Fix altering a prop](https://dev.to/jakzaizzat/avoid-mutating-a-prop-directly-ab9)
    [fixing altering a prop #2](https://michaelnthiessen.com/avoid-mutating-prop-directly/)
- [ ] [Emulate this awesome menu](https://codesandbox.io/s/xn8xx?file=/src/SmartHome/SmartHome.vue)
- [ ] Store things across function calls: https://lihbr.com/blog/rate-limiting-without-overhead-netlify-or-vercel-functions
- [ ] API playground for vue https://functions.netlify.com/playground/
- [ ] Send sms? https://www.twilio.com/blog/use-serverless-functions-send-sms-react-vercel-twilio
- [x] Add Order, Part and Build placement (Airtable's embeds)  
- [ ] Builds:
    - Greedy Algorithm
        a. Favors more expensive/least expensive (toggle this as a mode)
        b. Introduce slots (grip, LPK, lower, etc.)...make custom builder object for this
        c. Display the fully built AR, within price.
        d. Dipspay a slider bar for budget.
        e. Add a Randomizer button.
        f. Finish the Types and Categories in Airtable (build the form for this later)

# Nice to Have:

* [Toasts](https://vuejsexamples.com/a-vue-toast-plugin-that-lets-you-create-your-own-toast-component/)
* [Share on social media](https://github.com/nicolasbeauvais/vue-social-sharing)
* [Form builder in Vue](https://vueformulate.com/)
* [Automated Web Scraping with Chron and Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/automated-web-scraping-python-cron-e6bedf4c39eb) See your spider.py implementation

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).


# Notes

> Go ahead!  Build your Budget Blaster, Dream DMR or Hunting
